and our feet girls my name is marrying
Today I decided to make a video about my
bag who is interested stay with me
well let's get started in the bag first
what do i come across are my glasses in general
I have somehow shown my peace
expensive glasses and even if i break it
very sorry so go on the following
we have this cream la cree
from mosquitoes if
Smearing son and the problem is inherent
loves and therefore small only with
toy thumb creature means
here it is a mistake on your from the sun we
walk zilch and because it is me
completely white baby if i am
dark-skinned and dark-skinned I have a skin
dressed got an ounce really got
my mom's skin is mastic white
The sun only saw contains because
what's son
then mom is looking for it somewhere around the rings
such a nipple holder there beautician
what we have here is another interesting visit
shoe sponge
colorless here is such a round spirits
miss dior eau de parfum
Here such magnificent smell very very much
the world and the anti key mixture from my ex
barrier work on parks see
I did not even know that he is 10 of to be honest
and when here's a pocket not climbed here
Eat me
crusts in general 1 work which now
I will remove decressing, too, they are in fact not all
i need now we get down to our
beautician beautician here is such a panic.
lies but I have all honest word
if i will it somewhere in the general avalanche
painted on what i have to go and i
oh interrupted extinguish all means
let's start here we have matting
wipes from them normal wipes u
I have no complaints about them in general
their task, they do an excellent job
farther here lies the max mascara
factor point I have somehow not
told quite good ink perfectly
keeps the cilia separated further by me
such a brush for applying night with
which is less than a brush, so I am
I carry a dish with me just to watch
how to blush me such blush orchestra
some rose she did not even see what that
the Rose
Here are these ruddy following me
Sisi cream I like many in general bought
This cream I delighted with him
absolutely shake further drove off
I have such an old palette from Avon
old leaves but i love huge
any floor is therefore visible as I
love here shang is over color
here is also coming to an end very
beautifully blue shades of it are black for
eyeliner is the dimming of the century it
the main thing you can do was happening
light color and end life
suicide the window broke me and u
me in general, that's such a brush they are there
shading how you apply the shadows and quite
Maybe I do not really like cleaning
use the last two products it is
such a shine from the divage honestly say
What are the
3213 it cost 136 rubles so I him on
qualities and can store dior
study without treachery he is not at all
rivers he looks good on his lips
it tastes good it is not some
bitterness still something I do not have him
no complaints
for its price, it's just great
they are sold in the tape I am near
this tape next buy different colors
because shine is superb and you
I hope to see the peach pink shade
awesome and the last one we have here
lipstick from like pic in shade all sit
and pillars from catrice
just super awesome shades
fine applied well they hold
look expensive very comfortable on
cup in general here is the content of my
bag we have a little bit in my ward
sure to write comments without
what do you not do to lunch on
you were in your purse this thing could lie
be my wipes matting whether
pliz write me a very interesting lipstick
who liked this video put
fingers up subscribe to my
channel bye bye
you already
somewhere to the forest to
titanium
ibiza